hello world in our top story on Andrew
Volpe time tonight an Orange County cat
is still recovering after a harrowing
three-story fall was it a simple
accident or is there a bigger story here
man's bottom Stone reports they say that
cats have nine lives it's a saying that
certainly seems true in the case of
Klaus von kitten Stein a local four year
old Apple headed Tsai amis he's used to
spending his days clawing up upholstery
stealing baby clothes and shipping in a
box that all changed last week when
against House Rules Klaus slipped
outside what followed was not only
unexpected it was catastrophic klaus
fell off of this balcony onto the
concrete some ten meters below a fall
that broke his back left leg and sent
him to hospital
he's been on bed rest ever since when he
agreed to sit down for the interview he
did so on the condition that we speak
telepathically
why were you out on the balcony if I
doesn't even do anything to survive or
to truly live I mean was there a sparrow
or you fool yourself
birds of no consequence freedom is
vertical a v' but sure an indoor cat so
I am told so you shouldn't go out I did
and I've ill again
what was it like to fall that far you
are an idiot and then meet Cappy a six
year old dachshund
he's one of Klaus as roommates we spoke
about the incident on top of the couch
cushions where he likes to perch once
again the interview was conducted
telepathically Klaus is gone but Klaus
is back his leg is strange yes he hurt
his leg strange do you know if Klaus has
any enemies I
his friend he is my friend when he's I
try to eat it i sat down with one of
classes other roommates 10 month old
person Winnie you clearly enjoy grabbing
class where were you when it happened
okay
perhaps this mystery will remain a
mystery but all seems quiet for now in
Laguna Beach and as for a cat 9lives
venom flee from this tiled prison of ear
snuzette baby's head this one seems
primed to enjoy number eight in Laguna
Beach for Andrew Volpe time this is
man's bottom stone reporting that's
quite a story
thank you manse and thank you for
joining us tonight on Andrew Volpe time
don't forget to tune in next week when
we investigate a canine prostitution
ring at a Chinese orphanage